README.md, before:

# avrdude-ch341
avrdude with ch341a programmer support (fullspeed and bitbang) for Windows WCH official driver and Linux (based on Alexey Sadkov patch and WinChipHead sources).

Very VERY VERY DIRTY coding. I'm not programmer, I'm dirty-coder in the past.
But it works!

avrdude с поддержкой программатора ch341a (fullspeed и bitbang) для официального драйвера Windows WCH и Linux (на основе патча Алексея Садкова и исходников WinChipHead).

Очень ОЧЕНЬ ОЧЕНЬ грязный код. Я не программист, я просто попробовал, и у меня получилось!

(I build with i686-w64-mingw32-gcc (GCC) 4.9.1 on raspbian-jessie)

http://www.nongnu.org/avrdude/

https://github.com/Alx2000y/avrdude_ch341a

http://savannah.nongnu.org/patch/?9127

http://forum.easyelectronics.ru/viewtopic.php?f=13&t=32626

https://yourdevice.net/forum/viewtopic.php?f=26&t=1812#p3517

http://www.wch-ic.com/downloads/category/30.html

https://disk.yandex.ru/d/oBIy7HXc3MJgSg

https://github.com/Trel725/chavrprog

http://forum.easyelectronics.ru/viewtopic.php?p=503664#p503664

http://docs.expressvl.ru/index.html

Commit message:

TODO: Edit DELAY_US for tune bitbang speed.

README.md, after:

# avrdude-ch341
avrdude with ch341a programmer support (fullspeed and bitbang) for Windows WCH official driver and Linux (based on Alexey Sadkov patch and WinChipHead sources).

Very VERY VERY DIRTY coding. I'm not programmer, I'm dirty-coder in the past.
But it works!

avrdude с поддержкой программатора ch341a (fullspeed и bitbang) для официального драйвера Windows WCH и Linux (на основе патча Алексея Садкова и исходников WinChipHead).

Очень ОЧЕНЬ ОЧЕНЬ грязный код. Я не программист, я просто попробовал, и у меня получилось!

(I build with i686-w64-mingw32-gcc (GCC) 4.9.1 on raspbian-jessie)

TODO:
Edit DELAY_US for tune bitbang speed.
Windows fullspeed SPI (fastSPI) mode available with LibUSB-alternative-driver only, 
but for WCH-driver this mode didn't released (It isn't need for me). 
You can simply release this mode by comparing "ch341a.c" and "ch341a_bitbang_wch.c".

Отредактируйте DELAY_US для настройки скорости в режиме bitbang.
Под Windows режим быстрого SPI доступен только с альтернативным LibUSB драйвером. 
Для драйвера WCH я такой режим не делал за ненадобностью. 
Вы можете сделать его по аналогии, опираясь на "ch341a.c" и "ch341a_bitbang_wch.c".

CREDITS:

http://www.nongnu.org/avrdude/

https://github.com/Alx2000y/avrdude_ch341a

http://savannah.nongnu.org/patch/?9127

http://forum.easyelectronics.ru/viewtopic.php?f=13&t=32626

https://yourdevice.net/forum/viewtopic.php?f=26&t=1812#p3517

http://www.wch-ic.com/downloads/category/30.html

https://disk.yandex.ru/d/oBIy7HXc3MJgSg

https://github.com/Trel725/chavrprog

http://forum.easyelectronics.ru/viewtopic.php?p=503664#p503664

http://docs.expressvl.ru/index.html
